How about that view? Huh? That is the great pyramid of be the Egypt.
And here I am, this is the view of my room. I can't believe it.
I'm pinching myself. It's surreal that I'm finally here.
I've been wanting to come to Egypt for years and now I'm finally here. Uh,
and it's been amazing so far.
I got here <affirmative> so right now it's Sunday morning, Egypt time,
the sun just rose about a half hour ago and I got here Thursday evening.
So for the last two days,
I've been exploring the Giza plateau with my buddy Ben and a few other guys that
came early and this place has exceeded my expectations,
which is saying something,
cuz I already had high expectations cuz I already knew that the there's
something very, very special about Egypt.
It was far beyond what most people realize and okay, so hold on.
That is the great pyramid of Giza. Let see if I can zoom it all. Nope.
That is a, the, the size of a 47 story building
closer to 500 feet tall.
This is not doing it justice because I'm looking at the camera.
I'm looking at this. Yeah. It's like twice as big in my view.
And it's really, really close. It's about 500 meters away.
You can walk there in less than 10 minutes and guys I have
been,
so here's the thing I've taken more than 2000 photos on my camera in the last
two days.
And that doesn't include videos and that doesn't include everything I've taken
on my cell phone that I'm using right now, shooting this on the iPhone 12 pro.
If you're curious, I recommend this camera guys yesterday.
I went inside the second pyramid, the pyramid of KARE, allegedly.
It's not really that it's not his pyramid. Let's be real. And holy.
So first of all, cameras are not allowed in there. But if you give turns out,
money in this world will get you things that you wouldn't get. Otherwise,
if you guys haven't figured that out yet and oh my God, did I get some videos?
And some pictures I can't.
I was like almost I was speechless. It exceeded
guys, wait till you see,
I already have numerous video ideas to come from the things that I've seen in
the last couple days. Things that I never even knew existed,
it is unreal how much there is to see here and how impressive it is. And,
and I'm gonna, I was talking to Ben from uncharted ex of course, you know, Ben,
go follow him if you're not already. And uh, cuz this is his story's putting on.
And the wonder of full people with the chem at school of mysticism with us and
guys like this is absolutely insane.
Just how much there is to see and just how, uh, it's nuts.
I think I lost my train of thought. Uh I'm on a few hours of sleep. This is,
what's so funny. So I've been jet lagged, but I'm not complaining. I've been,
uh, in last four days, I think I've gotten probably 15 or 16 hours of sleep,
but yet I'm so awake. Like I can't, it's hard to sleep. It's just so much to do.
And where do I even begin?
I was gonna make you guys a vlog talking about my travels and what it took to
get here, which was.
Not easy. But like now that I'm here and I've been like going in head first into
everything, like who cares about that flight?
Who cares about connecting in Germany? I mean, all that was interesting.
There's plenty of stuff to chat about with that, but
I'm an Egypt now and I'm so blessed guys
starting this YouTube channel. I, I got off the couch,
I had a job.
I didn't like I chose to go back to school to get a graduate degree thinking
it's gonna bring me, uh,
a cushy desk job and make a bunch of money only to realize that it was the path
to unhappiness.
And there I was sitting on the couch and I've always been into the Egyptians
since sixth grade. When we learned about it in school,
it was like that one topic that kept me focused, whereas like math class,
I'm like, <laugh> looking around the room ad kicking in. And um,
but with Egyptians I've always thought it was amazing.
And I was on the couch as 2015 and I was not particularly happy in life.
I felt like there was, I was just off my path and there was more to it.
And there I was just on the internet looking at videos on YouTube.
And I came across a video of us, I and Brian Forrester. Um,
and they were at the Sierra PM looking at the a hundred ton or 70 plus ton,
a hundred ton stone boxes, which we're gonna go see today. So there I was,
I sat up on my couch and I was looking at this.
I'm like how I never seen or heard of this stuff before and,
and the mystery behind it that even the Egyptian antiquity department admits
they have no idea how that stuff was made.
So it's funny how it's come full circle that here I am now making a video,
looking at the pyramid from my hotel room, I feel so blessed and so fortunate.
And it's because of all of even watching my videos, guys,
I make money from the ad revenue.
So you watching a video has helped me get here. All my Paton supporters,
everyone, all the good vibes you guys are wonderful.
And my point about getting off the couch, anything you wanna do in life,
you can do the lot of attraction works. If you, if you focus on good things,
positive gratitude and focus an attention on doing something and tip,
take action steps in that direction, it will, it will materialize it. Um,
it's real. And when I say I'm pinching myself here,
I'm like seeing is believing.
I envision this in my mind and some people think that's all. Woo, woo guys. Woo.
Woo is real. But even if you don't want, think of it as woo, woo.
Just think of it as the power of the human mind and making things happen for
yourself. We all have choices. We have free will.
The world is operating in a way that makes people think otherwise,
but that's not the case. We're far more powerful. Anyway, let me,
lemme stop rambling on that. So we're gonna go see a bunch of stuff today.
The last couple days, um, like I said,
I've taken a few thousand photos and there's a lot come. Um,
I don't even know where to begin. There's just so much like the stuff I saw,
hold on, arms getting tired, the stuff I saw today, or excuse me yesterday.
And the day before exceeded my expectations. Like I said,
there's things in the Giza plateau.
We're talking like these 120 plus ton limestone cut rocks
that are right on the Causeway leading up to the, uh, second pyramid.
And like it's just stuff I'd never even seen or heard of before. That is unreal.
So anyway, I'm all over the place. I'm rambling. We're all meeting.
Or let me back up last night,
the tour officially kicked off with the introductory dinner and wow.
What a great, so there's 33 of us,
including Ben and myself and what a wonderful group of people, such good vibes.
People from all over the world.
We have people from mostly from the United States, but from Canada,
England Denmark, the Netherlands checklist, Zakia,
even people that originated in Egypt all over the place.
And it's so it's amazing because everyone's on the same wavelength
besides the fact that everyone here is into the ancient Egyptians.
We're all traveling in November of 2020,
which I don't know if you've noticed things were a little nuts and people have
been cooped up in the house. The whole world is guys are all this together.
Jesus like this world is upside down and it so refreshing to be
linking up with other like-minded people that are in the same boat that it's
like, you know, get busy living, get busy dying. Let's go see this stuff.
Life is short. So I just have an overwhelming feeling of gratitude.
Like thank you, universe that I'm here and thank you to everyone.
That's supported me. Uh,
I haven't even gone through all the comments for my last photo just because I've
been so freaking busy, but everything that I've seen so far, you guys are,
it warms my heart and I'm beyond grateful. So just thank you.
So take in that view, pictures are not doing it justice.
Like how small that looks it guys,
when you get up close to it and you see how big these freaking stones are at its
base. You're like what? It's so deceiving. You'll be getting close to the of it.
And you'll think you're closer than you are.
And you keep walking and walking and walking and walking and you're still not
getting closer to it.
It's like it is freaking huge and that is 203 levels
or stacks of blocks. So take it all in anyways, guys,
I'm gonna be posting a lot more. I took a,
I took an entire video tour of the second pyramid.
So I should just upload that it's like a four or five minute video, but uh, um,
maybe I'll save it for one of my videos when I get back. I don't know.
I have to pick and choose, but I'm gonna send to Instagram.
I'm just gonna start dumping things on here to keep you guys posted,
but I'm gonna wrap this up. Um,
I'm gonna go finish some coffee and make a meet up with my tour group. And uh,
I guess I'll just leave it at that. I love y'all. Bye.